---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6 Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2021-12-14
labels:
    -E6 Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG
---
Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)
My store is a ballet store selling ballet equipment, accessories, leotards, and pointe shoes.


Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?
I did not implement a better invoice/receipt because each time I styled it, I really did not like the way it turned out. I looked for different examples on the web as well, but I just did not feel like there was a style that would go well with my page.

Describe what you are most proud of about your system:
I think I like the navigation of my system the most. It is really simple but I think it is the most similar to a real website. On my homepage, if you log on your name will show and you can navigate to the cart and products from the homepage. Even on the login page you can navigate back to the homepage.

Describe what you are least happy with your system:
I think what I definitely could've done a better job on was the visuals. In ballet, it is all about looks, so I feel like I should have added features like slideshow pictures to the products display. I did read up on this but I honestly did not have the time to implement this because I was struggling to get the main parts of the assignment done.

How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?
I found it more difficult because we had to implement sessions and cookies, and this made us delete and change our code rather than the transition from assignment 1 and 2, where we just had to add on to it.

When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?
I looked for where the error took place and looked up the error on the internet. I also had to do a lot more readings to understand the concepts of sessions and cookies.

Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?
I watched youtube videos and read more about sessions and cookies.

Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?
What did not work well was copying the assignment 3 examples without doing further readings.

What did you learn from doing this assignment?
Even though code may be shorter and look more clean, it does not make it easier to understand.

If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?
I think I would definitely try to speak up during class when I got stuck during a lab. It probably would have made my understanding of code a lot better today.

Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
I probably spent 60% of the time thinking about how to do something. Doing more readings made me think more.


